[Music]
the story for in Cell Conviction takes
place shortly after the events of double
agent it opens up with Sam investigating
his daughter's death playing the other
games and looking at where the storyline
was taking Sam it felt very natural that
Sam would not be working for traditional
anymore that he'd be working on his own
Sam today not being part of third Ashlyn
anymore he doesn't have the rules of
conduct that he initially had when being
part of this organization so now he
makes his own rules so picture it Sam
Fisher is the best agent that ever works
is the strongest infiltration agent now
it doesn't have any laws to contain him
it doesn't have any orders to follow and
he's in range working folks and making a
story more about Sam allows us to talk
more about this history and also it
allows us to to create some gameplay
that has a different flavor than before
okay that was different Scalia well it's
nonsense peacock said a new Royal
Commission they certainly would levy
list in person and you will say what
empty and confetti module three analysis
tomorrow is Sunday a personage it is
just so much it almost 5000 scriptures
hey Rocky Rita it's never tidy you see
the card my garnish was itself a crab
burger is not a big flashy martial art
you know he's not gonna be doing
spending back kicks or anything like
that what he is doing is he's being
extremely efficient at taking people
down in a past and effective never
secondarily Sam is like extraordinarily
capable with pistol so we've gone to a
lot of effort of studying different
close-quarter combat techniques
different ways of fighting with a pistol
so for instance our basic stance is
actually the center axis relock like
this it gives you a lot of advantages to
be able to fire like this continue
firing fire fire fire like that so we
have a very fast and fluid system for
being able to move in different
directions like he's left their dish
long so he's on his own so you'll find a
couple of gadgets that he'll improvise
in the gameplays so we have a snake cam
mirror that we use that he is actually a
improvised version of the old snake camp
it's a mirror that he's gonna use it
early stages of the game
we still have gadgets where he'll be
able to disrupt lights but the
realization this time around is a lot
more action-based so you'll have the EMP
grenades and EMP devices that will help
you really create a path of shadows like
the previous one ourselves but with a
2009 a special effects turned on it
we're in Los Angeles and we're getting
ready to do first voiceover session with
you know with with Sam Fisher and so as
soon as he opened his mouth you know
show those like shit man that Stan
Fischer in that food I have a message to
those who stand in my way
he's a predator very visceral emotions
he's feeling and it's really portrayed
throughout the game boom
that's the Sam Fisher we have now
anonymous yep dangerous balance